Crazy bro
Pack up and come home with me
Takeshi, who let you in?
Crazy people are just cooperating with the investigation
I have already handed in the Porsche.
Can be taken away at any time
No violations.
My dragon
Hahaha crazy
Don't cause trouble for Lord Long if you have nothing to do in the future.
I pay more attention to big brother
loose
Sorry.
OK
Speed up the decryption of computer files
You must give me an answer tonight
Crazy ghost
I have you today, big brother, this is what I should do.
Dad had no idea how dangerous it was
Lin Shengqiang tried to take me away
Almost killed Brother Zangfeng
How are you, Lin Shengqiang?
My dad made a note of this account for him
Brother Tibetan Feng
I don't even know how to thank you
Tell my dad what you want
Big brother treats me well
I don't lack anything
Hahaha brother bear
Linger, go back to the house to rest first
I talk to the madman alone